README.md, before:

# revulyticsR
Connect To Your Revulytics Data With R!

## Purpose
revulyticsR facilitates making a connection to the Revulytics API and executing various queries. You can use it to get active users (daily, monthly, etc) or to query on various advanced events and get the results in tidy data frames.

## Installation
The development version can be installed from GitHub: `devtools::install_github("chrisumphlett/revulyticsR")`.

## Usage
A session must first be established before querying the API. This is done using your Revulytics username and password with `revultyics_auth()`.
The current version has one function for making requests to the API, `get_active_users()`. For a given period of time (a day, week, or month) Revulytics' API summarizes and returns the number of active users. With this function you can return daily, weekly, or monthly active users for multiple product ids.

You will need your own credentials to use the package. A workflow could be:

```
  rev_user <- "my_username"
  rev_pwd <- "super_secret"
  product_ids_list <- c("123", "456", "789")
  start_date <- lubridate::floor_date(Sys.Date(), unit = "months") - months(6)
  end_date <- Sys.Date() - 1
  session_id <- revulytics_auth(rev_user, rev_pwd)
  monthly_active_users <- get_active_users(product_ids_list, "month", start_date, end_date, session_id, rev_user)
```

More info on the API is available at https://devzone.revulytics.com/docs/API/.

Commit message:

updated after inclusion of get_categories_and_events function

README.md, after:

# revulyticsR
Connect To Your Revulytics Data With R!

## Purpose
revulyticsR facilitates making a connection to the Revulytics API and executing various queries. You can use it to get active users (daily, monthly, etc) or to query on various advanced events and get the results in tidy data frames.

## Installation
The development version can be installed from GitHub: `devtools::install_github("chrisumphlett/revulyticsR")`.

## Usage
A session must first be established before querying the API. This is done using your Revulytics username and password with `revultyics_auth()`.

The current version has several functions for making requests to the API.

* `get_active_users()`. For a given period of time (a day, week, or month) Revulytics' API summarizes and returns the number of active users. With this function you can return daily, weekly, or monthly active users for multiple product ids.
* `get_categories_and_events()`. For a list of product ids get all of the categories and events that have been defined (and identify it each is a basic or advanced). This can then be passed into subsequent queries to pull data on multiple events.

You will need your own credentials to use the package. A workflow could be:

```
  rev_user <- "my_username"
  rev_pwd <- "super_secret"
  product_ids_list <- c("123", "456", "789")
  start_date <- lubridate::floor_date(Sys.Date(), unit = "months") - months(6)
  end_date <- Sys.Date() - 1
  session_id <- revulytics_auth(rev_user, rev_pwd)
  monthly_active_users <- get_active_users(product_ids_list, "month", start_date, end_date, session_id, rev_user)
```

More info on the API is available at https://devzone.revulytics.com/docs/API/.
